README.md, before:

# Operating Envelopes: The Basics

The objectives of this tutorial are:
1. To familiarise with the process by which power engineers can calculate operating envelopes to facilitate exports/imports from customers whilst ensuring that voltages and asset utilisation are within limits.

2. To continue familiarising with the advanced tool [OpenDSS](https://www.epri.com/pages/sa/opendss) (using Python and the [dss_python](https://github.com/dss-extensions/dss_python) module module). And, to guide you, all will be done using a notebook on [Jupyter Notebook](https://jupyter.org/).

Make sure you have installed Anaconda, the dss_python module, etc. as specified on Canvas. Otherwise, you will not be able to go through the workshop.

1. Download all the files using the green **`<> Code`** button at the top right.
   - You will get a ZIP file with a folder that contains all the files.
   - Unzip the file an place the folder somewhere in your computer/laptop.
3. To open the Jupyter notebook file (extension **`ipynb`**) you need to:
   - Open Anaconda Navigator
   - Click on Launch Jupyter notebook (it will open in your browser)
   - Upload the unzipped folder (with all the corresponding files) to Jupyter Notebook (the location is up to you)
   - Go inside the folder and open the **`ipynb`** file

All the workshop instructions will be in the **`ipynb`** file.

Enjoy!

## Credits

Angela Simonovska (asimonovska@student.unimelb.edu.au)

Eshan Karunarathne (akarunarathn@student.unimelb.edu.au)

Nando Ochoa (luis.ochoa@unimelb.edu.au ; https://sites.google.com/view/luisfochoa)

## Acknowledgement

The content of this repository has been produced with direct and/or indirect inputs from multiple members (past and present) of Prof Nando Ochoa’s Research Team. So, special thanks to all of them (many of whom are now in different corners of the world).

* https://sites.google.com/view/luisfochoa/research/research-team
* https://sites.google.com/view/luisfochoa/research/past-team-members

## Licenses

Since this repository uses dss_python which is based on OpenDSS, both licenses have been included. This repository uses the BSD 3-Clause "New" or "Revised" license. Check all corresponding files (`LICENSE-OpenDSS`, `LICENSE-dss_python`, `LICENSE`).

Commit message:

Colab Version
The notebook is adapted to be run in Google Colab.

README.md, after:

# Operating Envelopes: The Basics

The objectives of this tutorial are:
1. To familiarise with the process by which power engineers can calculate operating envelopes to facilitate exports/imports from customers whilst ensuring that voltages and asset utilisation are within limits.

2. To continue familiarising with the advanced tool [OpenDSS](https://www.epri.com/pages/sa/opendss) (using Python and the [dss_python](https://github.com/dss-extensions/dss_python) module module). And, to guide you, all will be done using a notebook on [Jupyter Notebook](https://jupyter.org/).

## Run the Code
Choose one of the options below to run the code.

### A. Cloud Option ☁️: Google Colab
Just click on the badge <a target="_blank" href="https://colab.research.google.com/github/Team-Nando/OEs-The-Basics/blob/main/OperatingEnvelopes.ipynb"> <img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg"/></a>. You don't need to install anything 🤓💪.

### B. Local Option 💻: Jupyter Notebook 
Make sure you have installed Anaconda, the dss_python module, etc. as specified on Canvas. Otherwise, you will not be able to go through the workshop.

1. Download all the files using the green **`<> Code`** button at the top right.
   - You will get a ZIP file with a folder that contains all the files.
   - Unzip the file an place the folder somewhere in your computer/laptop.
3. To open the Jupyter notebook file (extension **`ipynb`**) you need to:
   - Open Anaconda Navigator
   - Click on Launch Jupyter notebook (it will open in your browser)
   - Upload the unzipped folder (with all the corresponding files) to Jupyter Notebook (the location is up to you)
   - Go inside the folder and open the **`ipynb`** file

All the workshop instructions will be in the **`ipynb`** file.

Enjoy!

## Credits

Angela Simonovska (asimonovska@student.unimelb.edu.au) <br>
Eshan Karunarathne (akarunarathn@student.unimelb.edu.au) <br>
Andres Avila Rojas (aavilarojas@student.unimelb.edu.au) <br> 
Nando Ochoa (luis.ochoa@unimelb.edu.au ; https://sites.google.com/view/luisfochoa)

## Acknowledgement

The content of this repository has been produced with direct and/or indirect inputs from multiple members (past and present) of Prof Nando Ochoa’s Research Team. So, special thanks to all of them (many of whom are now in different corners of the world).

* https://sites.google.com/view/luisfochoa/research/research-team
* https://sites.google.com/view/luisfochoa/research/past-team-members

## Licenses

Since this repository uses dss_python which is based on OpenDSS, both licenses have been included. This repository uses the BSD 3-Clause "New" or "Revised" license. Check all corresponding files (`LICENSE-OpenDSS`, `LICENSE-dss_python`, `LICENSE`).
